X-Frame-Options ALLOW-FROM flag is deprecated from modern browsers (#8894)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/env/variables-global.md

-  `DENY`—Page cannot be displayed in a frame.
-  `SAMEORIGIN`—(The default Magento setting.) Page can be displayed only in a frame on the same origin as the page itself.

{:.bs-callout-warning}

> `ALLOW-FROM <uri>` option has been deprecated since the browsers supported by Magento has dropped the support of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ALLOW-FROM <uri>` option has been deprecated because Magento-supported browsers no longer support it it. See [Browser compatibility](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Frame-Options#Browser_compatibility).
```

> [Browser Compatibility](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Frame-Options#Browser_compatibility) provides details about this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
